Now speaking with @MariaBartiromo on Fox News.

Tune in!
📌📺📌📺📌

Speaking with @MariaBartiromo on Fox News @SundayFutures at 10:00 am.

Tune in!
Today, we remember more than 2,400 Americans who lost their lives in the attack at Pearl Harbor. We honor their service and sacrifice on behalf of our grateful nation. #PearlHarbor78
Very pleased the Trump Administration, especially @SecPompeo and his team, were able to secure the release of Xiyue Wang who has held in Iran for three years on bogus charges. https://t.co/lBohvbtIt7
The release was accomplished without compromising our maximum pressure campaign against the Iranian regime.  

This is a significant foreign policy achievement  for President @realDonaldTrump and his team.
This idea is radical to liberals.  

However, this is why the American people elected President @realDonaldTrump.

It’s just common sense.
Glad to see Trump Administration has brought some common sense to the Swamp.  

Sad to see liberals mindlessly attack a policy change that requires able-bodied adults who receive public assistance to work in order to receive assistance. 

https://t.co/L3wdSmxaHX
Never seen such an effort by the media to push storylines diminishing the effect of 2016 misconduct by certain FBI/DOJ officials against the Trump campaign.
 
We will soon see if such reporting withstands scrutiny.  
 
https://t.co/ltKJ10rIPA
Nadler and Schiff make Inspector Javert from Les Misérables look indifferent.
Speaker Pelosi is the conductor of the impeachment train in name only.  

The American people understand @SpeakerPelosi has 2 choices:  Drive the train or be Run Over by It.  

She’s living in fear of The Squad.
Glad to see @SpeakerPelosi is “keeping her word” to be thoughtful and prayerful about impeachment. 

One day after hearings involving law professors giving their opinions she is directing Articles of Impeachment be drafted.  

Salem witches got better deals than this.
@realDonaldTrump The American people are smart enough to see through this sham.
Shocking!….....Three liberal law professors testifying they believe @realDonaldTrump did something wrong has not dramatically shifted public opinion in favor of impeachment.  

Liberal law professors wanted to impeach Trump on Inauguration Day.
I’m highly confident the American public will see through this charade and hold Democrats accountable for trying to nullify the upcoming presidential election.
If We Get to This:

I fully expect Democrats will draft and vote on multiple Articles of Impeachment.  

This will be designed to allow Dem House members to vote FOR some Articles and AGAINST others.  

They will “try” to give the appearance of fairness.

https://t.co/oUqB6GaDHe
It is time for NATO to look at a detention system to deal with enemy combatants rather than using the traditional criminal justice system (which is ill-equipped to fight a war.)
President Trump is right to insist Europeans come up with a legal system based on the reality we are fighting a war -- not a crime.
They include but are not limited to:

▶️ 131 dead in Paris attack
▶️ 86 dead in Nice attack
▶️ 32 dead in Brussels bombing
▶️ 12 dead in Berlin Christmas attack
▶️ 22 dead in Manchester bombing
▶️ 14 dead in Barcelona attack
▶️ 5 dead in Stockholm attack
▶️ 5 dead in Strasbourg
There are hundreds of European ISIS fighters currently imprisoned in Syria. They are committed jihadists and killing machines.  

We must never forget what a handful of ISIS fighters did in the Paris and Nice attacks, and attacks in other European nations.
Very disturbed by the cavalier remarks made by President Macron about how the number of European ISIS fighters in Syria is a small problem in the grand scheme of things.
Johnny is one of the most beloved people to ever serve in the United States Senate, with much to show for his time here on behalf of the nation and the great people of Georgia. He is a true role model for anyone aspiring to be a public servant. God bless Johnny and his family.
Great bipartisan lunch honoring @SenatorIsakson from Georgia on his retirement from the Senate. Very moving tributes by many of his colleagues, particularly Senator McConnell and Senator Schumer.
I can tell you without any hesitation Attorney General Barr has every confidence in the world in Mr. Horowitz.

He believes that he has done a good job, a professional job, and he appreciates the work and the effort he has put into disclosing abuse at the Department of Justice.
Be wary of the Washington Post and the New York Times reporting on what is coming up with [Inspector General] Horowitz. 

They have been trying overtime to spin this thing to diminish its effect, to downplay it.

https://t.co/DXYr8co9xZ
📌📺 Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News at 9:20 pm about the upcoming Inspector General’s FISA report.

Tune in!
I hope this report is accurate.  It’s time to resolve the dispute between Saudi Arabia, Qatar and other Gulf Arab states. The region needs cohesion and stability to confront the common threat coming from Iran. 
 
https://t.co/duo2hyuvZn
This visit by President Trump is a tremendous morale booster for those serving in harms way and cannot be with their families this Thanksgiving.
Also glad to see President Trump met with Afghan President Ghani about the future of Afghanistan and how it effects our own national security.
Very pleased President @realdonaldTrump, along with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and @SenJohnBarrasso, spent their #Thanksgiving  with our brave men and women serving in Afghanistan — the place where 9/11 originated.
Happy Thanksgiving! 🦃 https://t.co/f7XbnCNAuT
QUESTION:
Will President Trump’s team be allowed to call witnesses and introduce evidence at the House Judiciary Committee? 

If not, square this with due process.
Let me see if I have this right. 

Jerry Nadler is inviting President Trump to participate in the Judiciary Committee hearings — after all the facts were gathered in Schiff’s Intel Committee — where the president’s team was shut out.

Salem witches got a better deal than this!
If so, as @GeorgeStrait would say.....I have some Ocean Front Property in Arizona to sell you! 🌊🌊
 
https://t.co/ayTjrd9nEz
Very sad - for the country - to hear the impeachment debacle in the House will continue.  

I’m “confident” Jerry Nadler will be just as fair as Adam Schiff.   

Do you really believe either one of them are looking for the truth? 
 
https://t.co/z6PJrXmXZ9
I can’t believe his time at @wyffnews4 is coming to an end.  

John, here’s to a job well done.  

Enjoy your retirement!
John has become a fixture in our homes and a valuable community leader who has done more than just give the weather forecast.  

His integrity and care have made a real difference in so many lives.
Like most residents of the Upstate, for the last 29 years I’ve come to depend on John Cessarich’s weather forecasts to plan my day and week.  

https://t.co/z2JNUiXPoG
Keep up the pressure President @realdonaldTrump. 

In the end you will be doing the Iranian people a great service and making the world a better place when this murderous regime ultimately collapses.
They have robbed the country blind and spent the resources of the Iranian people to create instability throughout the region and world. It is certain to me their days are numbered.
Contrary to what the Revolutionary Guard leader Hossein Salami says, the biggest threat to the Iranian people is not the American government or American people - it is the Ayatollah’s henchman like Salami. 
 
https://t.co/JdnsyVQ8Q0
📌 📺  📌 📺 📌

Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News Channel in just a few minutes.

Tune in!
📻📌📻📌

Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes.  

LISTEN:
https://t.co/EqNG02sJ7Q
📌📻📻

Speaking with @seanhannity today at 4:30 pm about the latest on impeachment.

LISTEN:
https://t.co/SVRp7qET3T
What @VolvoCarUSA has already achieved in South Carolina is amazing.  Congratulations to the workforce!
 
When it comes to Volvo’s future in South Carolina - The Best is Yet to Come!
 
#MadeWithPrideinSC https://t.co/cwPQh8jq01
After Mueller it should have been OVER.  

The whole Ukraine issue, particularly the way the House of Representatives is doing it, is a joke.  

We’re less than a year away from the 2020 election.  

If you don’t like Trump -- vote against him. 

Let the American people decide!
I love Joe Biden as a person but we are not going to give a pass to what is obviously a conflict of interest. 
 
I believe Hunter Biden’s association on the Burisma board doesn’t pass the smell test.  

If a Republican was in the same position, they’d certainly be investigated!
I think what's going on in the House of Representatives on impeachment is a joke.  

It's a one-sided process that lacks due process.

We're not going to allow Democrats in the House to destroy President @realDonaldTrump in a sham process.
Now speaking with Brian @kilmeade.

LISTEN:
https://t.co/Y7MRlJ1hJy
📻📻 TUNE IN

Speaking with Brian @kilmeade in just a few minutes on @foxnewsradio.

LISTEN LIVE:
https://t.co/Y7MRlJ1hJy
Meeting with the media this morning in Charleston.

WATCH LIVE via @WCBD:
https://t.co/6z5FjAM0XA
📍 📻 Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes.

LISTEN LIVE:
https://t.co/EqNG02KjZo
Speaking with @seanhannity today at 5:05 pm.  

📻 LISTEN LIVE 📻
https://t.co/SVRp7qET3T
My letter to Secretary Pompeo and the request for information is available online.

https://t.co/B4nkjelqjY
Today, I sent a letter to Secretary of State Mike Pompeo requesting documents related to contacts between:

➡️ Vice President Biden
➡️ Hunter Biden
➡️ other Obama administration officials and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko.
I look forward to reviewing the report and hearing Mr. Horowitz’s testimony before @senjudiciary, where he will deliver a detailed account of what he found regarding his investigation, along with recommendations as to how to make our judicial and investigative systems better.
I appreciate all the hard work by Mr. Horowitz and his team regarding the Carter Page FISA warrant application and the counterintelligence investigation of the Trump campaign.
Department of Justice Inspector General (IG) Michael Horowitz has accepted an invitation to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee on Wednesday, December 11. 

The IG's report will be released on Monday, December 9.

https://t.co/V1AzeRGARh
📌 Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm.  

Tune in 📺 to Fox News!
Speaking with @seanhannity at 9:20 pm on Fox News Channel about the latest on impeachment and “bribery.”

The truth is that “Bribery” is a made-up, poll tested charge without any factual basis in this case.

Tune in!
So now it’s “Bribery.” 

Who did the president “Bribe” and what did he get for it?  Be specific.  

The truth is that “Bribery” is a made-up, poll tested charge without any factual basis in this case.
Cancellation of the civil nuclear cooperation waiver regarding the Iran nuclear program is welcome news. 

Iran’s behavior in the Middle East, in particular the attack on the Saudi oil field, does not justify continued waivers for their nuclear program. 

https://t.co/o1CeP6fZja
@SecPompeo While I strongly support a two-state solution, I believe the Trump Administration’s announcement today will ultimately advance the cause of peace over time.
I support the announcement on Israeli settlements made today by @SecPompeo.

This announcement is a repudiation of President Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry’s ill-informed efforts to target Israeli presence in the West Bank. 

https://t.co/AzMmkVKUdm
Focus on the country’s real problems, not this impeachment sham.
Democrats are always moving the goalposts. 
 
WHAT HAPPENED TO RUSSIA COLLISION?

▶️ There was none.

OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE?

▶️ There was none.

QUID PRO QUO?

▶️ There was none.

NOW BRIBERY? 
 
▶️ Let it go!
 
https://t.co/6cqUsJzBJ3
LISTEN LIVE:
https://t.co/EqNG02sJ7Q
2️⃣ I WILL DO everything in my power to ensure President Trump can confront his anonymous accuser/whistleblower if there is a Senate trial.

If these two conditions are not met – which every American is entitled to – this will not be a fair proceeding.
I am speaking with @seanhannity on-air about these two questions on impeachment.

1️⃣ I WILL NOT support an Article of Impeachment based on hearsay evidence.
Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes.

LISTEN:
https://t.co/SVRp7qnhFj
Speaking with @seanhannity today at 4:00 pm about the latest on impeachment.

LISTEN LIVE:
https://t.co/SVRp7qnhFj
📍 In Case You Missed It 📍

📺 Graham: House impeachment probe 'is a danger to the presidency' 

https://t.co/ze6WaaMICR
Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:20 pm about the latest on impeachment.

Tune in!
The meeting today at the White House was frank, candid, and I hope, over time, will prove to be productive.
I appreciate being invited to meet with President Trump and the President of Turkey to discuss Turkey’s purchase of the S-400 missile system and Turkey’s military incursion into Syria.
Did VP Biden talk to Ukrainian President Poroshenko about prosecutors efforts to investigate Burisma, the gas company where Hunter Biden served as a board member?
Did the whistleblower actively participate in an effort to back Ukrainian officials off a Burisma investigation after U.S. State Department received complaints from Burisma’s American board members?
Did the whistleblower participate in an effort by VP Biden to call the President of the Ukraine (Poroshenko) after Burisma owners’ houses were raided by Ukrainian authorities?
Did the whistleblower help arrange phone call between former VP Biden and the former President of Ukraine (Poroshenko) complaining about prosecutors behavior toward Burisma, the Ukrainian gas company where Hunter Biden was a member of the board?
Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes.  

Tune in to Fox News Channel.
Speaking with @seanhannity on Fox News Channel in just a few minutes about the latest on impeachment.  

Tune in!
I had the honor of spending Veterans Day evening in a packed house of American veterans &amp; their families at the Greenwood County Veterans Center. The children’s choir did an amazing job, and I was humbled to give commemorative pins to each veteran. An event I won’t soon forget! https://t.co/SgtjiMAxxX
I find it hard to believe the Supreme Court would deny President Trump the ability to cancel an Obama-era Executive Order on immigration.
 
The way to solve the DACA issue has ALWAYS been through legislation, not an Executive Order.
If our current president (Trump) cannot repeal or replace an Executive Order of the prior president (Obama), then the most recent presidential election is nullified.

https://t.co/2oFUohd51f
Today we honor America’s veterans and thank them - and their families - for their selfless sacrifice. Their service has made our nation stronger and safer. https://t.co/6XXa8LWgNc
Speaking with @MariaBartiromo  on @SundayFutures at 10:00 am on Fox News.

Tune in!
This should be a reminder to us all that determination to fight for freedom — and against oppression — will always win the day.  

I believe this to be true, not only in the times in which we live, but a lasting truth.  

Freedom is a powerful motivating force!
It’s hard to believe it has been 30 years since the #BerlinWall came down.  

In August 1988 I was discharged from the U.S. Air Force after serving at Rhein-Main Air Base in Germany.  

I would have never imagined, only a little over a year later, that the Wall would come down.
Speaking with @marthamaccallum tonight at 7:00 pm about the latest on impeachment and more.

Tune in!
Very sad to hear of the passing of Sandy McCain Morgan, John McCain’s older sister. She was a terrific lady who lived a full, consequential life. My thoughts and prayers are with her family.
Brett #Kavanaugh lived a life we should all be proud of.  He worked hard and the way he was treated was the worst experience I have had in politics.  

A lot of people would have pulled the plug on him.  

Mr. President, thank you for not pulling the plug. https://t.co/HjNnJ5XLjq
Very interesting.

https://t.co/hmfWrjqNNm
Speaking with Fox News @seanhannity at 9:15 pm about the latest on impeachment.

Tune in!
Neither the United States, nor the world, can allow the Ayatollah and its murderous regime to acquire a nuclear capability. I hope and expect that President Trump will put all options on the table when it comes to stopping an Iranian nuclear breakout.
If claims that Iran has developed a prototype centrifuge that enriches 50 times faster than their current inventory are proven to be true, I hope the international community will speak forcefully with one voice.
https://t.co/BugRVgWx92
🚨 In Case You Missed It 🚨

I spoke with @IngrahamAngle last night on Fox News Channel about the latest on impeachment.

In my view, there's not one vote in the Senate for President Trump's removal from office based on the phone call. 

https://t.co/DPGAY336oG
Speaking with Fox News Channel @IngrahamAngle about the latest on impeachment.

Tune in!
What a due process crumb being thrown to House Republicans to have the whistleblower testify in writing.
Impeachment is the political death penalty for an elected official.  

Must have full right of confrontation regarding the whistleblower -- not written questions and answers.

https://t.co/tJ7TBAmz6Z
And @wyffnews4 

https://t.co/Dl1Ts8aJ95
Speaking now in Pendleton, South Carolina on response to the House' impeachment vote.

https://t.co/OcGwCiooY7
If Turkish aggression against Tal Tamir and Kobani, Christian and Kurdish areas, continues, it will sever what’s left of the U.S. Congress/Turkish relationship. I would urge Turkey to stop and try to reset the relationship in a way that would be a win-win.
We may never see this again in the history of baseball.  

A seven game World Series without the home team winning a single game -- unbelievable. 
 #fightfinished

https://t.co/FZsbSzqxUu
Very sad and unnecessary day for America.
These procedures are grossly different than what has been used in the past and extremely dangerous to the future of the Presidency.  

I appreciate those who vote against this resolution and are fighting the good fight.
This House vote legitimizes a process that denies the President:

▶️ the right to counsel in the Intel Committee;

▶️makes the Republican minority subservient to the will of Adam Schiff in the Intel Committee when it comes to interviewing witnesses.
Voting to legitimize an unfair process does not make it fair.  

When it comes to President @realDonaldTrump the rules seemingly always have to be different.
Speaking with @seanhannity in just a few minutes about the House Dems behind closed doors, lack of due process impeachment process.

LISTEN:
https://t.co/SVRp7qET3T
Speaking with @seanhannity today at 4:00 pm about the latest on the House Democrats behind-closed-doors, lack-of-due-process impeachment process.

LISTEN LIVE: 
https://t.co/SVRp7qnhFj
This is an unfair process being driven by sore losers. 

There is not one vote [from Republicans] in the United States Senate to impeach President Trump based on this phone call because he did nothing wrong.

https://t.co/1qOJ4G63It
🚨 ICYMI 🚨

Graham: Impeachment inquiry is being run by 'sore losers'

https://t.co/1qOJ4G63It
Speaking with Fox News @seanhannity in just a few minutes.

Tune in!
Erdogan created this mess and he needs to fix it. Congress is intent on standing by the Kurds and SDF forces who helped us destroy ISIS against Turkish aggression.
I expect the Senate will take up this cause and let Turkey unequivocally know that the United States will not sit on the sidelines as they create problems for us and our allies.
Ready to take up House bill as passed!
 
Awesome bipartisan takedown of Turkey’s invasion just occurred in the House with overwhelming support from Democrats and Republicans – 403-16.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi Full due process.  

Full transparency that has been afforded in the past.  

Those are the only answers.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi Holding a vote to legitimize a behind closed doors process – without the right to confront the accuser and call witnesses on your behalf – does not fix the problem.  

It would still deny President Trump the rights every American is entitled to.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerPelosi I’ll continue to watch closely to see what follows and won’t hesitate to call them out again if necessary.
Very much appreciate my Senate GOP colleagues signing onto my resolution condemning the House Dem process against President @realDonaldTrump.   

Our efforts forced @SpeakerPelosi and Dem leaders to RETREAT from an unfair, underhanded process!
Finally how is this different than three Democratic senators writing to Ukraine demanding they cooperate with Mueller investigation?
This selective leaking without due process puts the presidency at risk.

As to Colonel, he’s entitled to his opinion about the phone call.  I read the transcript and  found nothing wrong with it.
Clearly Democrats continue to leak behind closed door testimony to damage President @realDonaldTrump.

The NY Times story is Exhibit A in their ongoing efforts to use a sham process for the purpose of driving down Trump’s approval rating.  

It should come to an immediate end. https://t.co/Bm0fcWgcGb
Speaking with Fox News @seanhannity at 9:20 pm  about the raid which killed ISIS leader  al-Baghdadi and the latest on impeachment.   

Tune in!
All Americans should be proud of our military who brought down one of the most despicable terrorists, al-Baghdadi. 

The tip of the spear of this raid was a military working dog who is an indispensable part of the team. 

He deserves recognition and early retirement! https://t.co/OL6fu5nYJ2
@realDonaldTrump Finally, I look forward to reviewing their proposal and ensuring it provides President Trump with the rights and privileges Republicans afforded former President Clinton during the 1998 impeachment process.
@realDonaldTrump Today, they were forced to change course.
@realDonaldTrump The American people have been outraged by the unfair nature and lack of due process House Dems have given to Pres Trump.  

I take pride in the fact our vigorous response to their underhanded tactics ended up making their position untenable.
@realDonaldTrump There is no doubt in my mind that the overwhelming response House Democrats heard from the American people and Senate Republicans in support of my resolution forced their hand.  

Today’s announcement is an acknowledgement of the success of our efforts last week.
A vote now is a bit like un-Ringing a bell as House Democrats have selectively leaked information in order to damage President @realDonaldTrump for weeks.

https://t.co/tSmlvI6Ivt
Kay’s passing is a great loss to the state she loved as well as her family and many friends.  

May God bless her family during these difficult days.
Very sad to hear of the passing of former Senator Kay Hagan.  

Kay was a delightful person who was highly respected by her colleagues.  

She gave her best to the people of North Carolina.   

https://t.co/kCS7Nlymdi
Sad, but may be true.

God Bless the Mueller family and all the victims of ISIS. https://t.co/FoxfCMN0gp
We owe President @realDonaldTrump a great deal of credit for ordering the raid to kill the leader of ISIS.

When it comes to ISIS and other terror groups — we are coming after you, wherever you go, for a long as it takes, to protect our country, and our way of life.
What President Trump did last night was a hard call.  These things are not predetermined to go well.  

It also tells you how good our military and intelligence people are.  They are the best in the business!
ISIS is as depraved an organization as ever existed in the history of the world.  They are religious Nazis.  

They cannot be accommodated or negotiated with.  They have to be destroyed and their ideology marginalized.  

Their leader is now dead and he died a coward's death.
Last night the Best of America confronted the Worst of Mankind. 

And the Good Guys Won!  🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸

https://t.co/qHpo0NBvDv
Speaking with @MariaBartiromo on Fox News Channel in just a few minutes about the raid and death of ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.

Tune in!
Last night the best of America confronted the worst of mankind. 

And the good guys won. 

🇺🇸

https://t.co/j41evnlHXg
Finally, I appreciate President Trump taking the time to visit Benedict College and deliver an uplifting message of hope and opportunity for all Americans.
We also recognize that fact that Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) across South Carolina are a state treasure.  They play an important role in higher education and have uplifted countless generations.
As President Trump noted, South Carolina is proud of Benedict College’s legacy and bright future.
Under his leadership, we were able to bring about the biggest change in criminal justice in decades.  

Today, non-violent offenders are being given the chance to go from prison, to a job, to an opportunity to build a better life for themselves and their families.
It’s my belief that President @realDonaldTrump delivered the best domestic policy speech of his presidency today as he talked about the impact criminal justice reform, combined with a strong economy, can have on America.

https://t.co/eh68mdD6Xw
35.Rounds
36.Sasse
37.Young
38.Kennedy
39.Hyde-Smith
40.Blackburn
41.Cramer
42.McSally
43.Braun
44.Hawley
45.Scott (FL)
46.Sullivan
47.Portman
48.Isakson
49.Alexander 
50.Enzi 

3/3
18.Rubio
19.Paul
20.Hoeven
21.Lee
22.Johnson
23.Scott (SC)
24.Fischer
25.Cruz
26.Gardner
27.Capito
28.Cassidy
29.Lankford
30.Cotton
31.Daines
32.Perdue
33.Ernst
34.Tillis

2/3
Updated to show 50 Co-Sponsors--
1.Graham
2.McConnell
3.Grassley
4.Thune
5.Blunt
6.Shelby
7.Inhofe
8.Roberts
9.Crapo
10.Cornyn
11.Burr
12.Barrasso
13.Wicker
14.Risch
15.Boozman
16.   Moran
17.   Toomey

1/3
I don’t believe the Durham investigation is a Witch Hunt — or at all improper.
 
I never claimed the Mueller investigation was a Witch Hunt. 
  
Let the chips fall where they may!
 
https://t.co/bB6GDLmGYB
Speaking with @marthamaccallum in just a few minutes on Fox News Channel about the resolution I introduced today condemning the House of Representatives’ closed door impeachment process. 

Tune in!
#46 Sullivan
#45 Portman
As to me, the House process is a sham and the phone call was perfectly fine.  

I see no evidence of misconduct by President @realdonaldTrump.
So pleased I have 42 cosponsors for the Graham-McConnell resolution (44 total)
 condemning the House process as unfair and void of basic due process – all without even trying.
31.Perdue
32.Ernst
33.Tillis
34.Rounds
35.Sasse
36.Young
37.Kennedy
38.Hyde-Smith
39.Blackburn
40.Cramer
41.McSally
42.Braun
43.Hawley
44.Scott (FL)
15.Boozman
16.Moran
17.Toomey
18.Rubio
19.Paul
20.Hoeven
21.Lee
22.Johnson
23.Scott (SC)
24.Fischer
25.Cruz
26.Capito
27.Cassidy
28.Lankford
29.Cotton
30.Daines
🚨 UPDATED:

List of 44 sponsors on Senate Resolution condemning the House of Representatives’ closed door impeachment inquiry.

1.Graham
2.McConnell
3.Grassley
4.Thune
5.Blunt
6.Shelby
7.Inhofe
8.Roberts
9.Crapo
10.Cornyn
11.Burr
12.Barrasso
13.Wicker
14.Risch
What is in development at the White House is the emphasis on a strategy -- not personnel.  (2/2)
UPDATE from PRESS CONFERENCE:

I did not mean to leave some with the impression the White House needed to hire a new team to handle impeachment.  

My interactions with the White House were in regards to a more coordinated strategy dealing with impeachment.  (1/2)
Resolution Condemning House of Representatives’ Closed Door Impeachment Process

https://t.co/rvyxNVLuT5
3) calls on the House of Representatives to provide members of the minority with the ability to participate fully in all proceedings and have equal authority to issue subpoenas and other compulsory process.
2) calls on the House to provide President Trump, like every other American, with due process, to include the ability to confront his accusers, call witnesses on his behalf, and have a basic understanding of the accusations against him that would form any basis for impeachment;
The Graham-McConnell resolution: 

1️⃣ calls on the House of Representatives, prior to proceeding any further with its impeachment investigation into President Trump, to vote to initiate a formal impeachment inquiry;
@realDonaldTrump One of the cornerstones of American jurisprudence is due process – the right to confront your accuser, call witnesses on your behalf, and challenge the accusations against you. 

None of this is occurring in the House.
Every American should be disturbed by what is taking place in the House of Representatives regarding the attempt to impeach President @realDonaldTrump.
🚨 3:00 pm  🚨

Chairman Graham Introduces Resolution Condemning House of Representatives’ Closed Door Impeachment Process

WATCH LIVE:
https://t.co/zqqgcmdKKR
Best way to serve the President is to give honest assessment of the risks involved.
I am well aware of good proposals regarding counter-ISIS strategy in Syria coming from military leaders.  

Hope and expect OSD policy shop will not undercut these proposals and SecDef will push good ideas to prevent ISIS from returning.
Susan Rice was a walking, talking national security disaster. 

Her "Greatest Hits":

➡️Benghazi Debacle
➡️Iran Nuclear Deal
➡️Iraq Withdrawal/Creation of ISIS
➡️Syria Red Line
➡️Rwanda Genocide

If she agreed with me, I would wonder what I did wrong! 

https://t.co/5Tu3V5Vckq
Speaking with Brian @kilmeade in just a few minutes on Fox News Radio.

LISTEN LIVE:
https://t.co/Y7MRlJ1hJy
Speaking with @seanhannity tonight at 9:00 pm on Fox News Channel.

Tune in!
Mr. President: listen to your commanders, not OSD policy shop civilians. OSD policy shop has been a big problem for a long time.
Hopeful cease-fire will hold and appreciate President Trump’s commitment to making sure ISIS does not come back and get a windfall from Syrian oil reserves.
CORRECTION:

I was initially told House GOP took the SCIF by force – basically like a GOP version of Occupy Wall Street.  

Apparently it was a peaceful protest.  Big difference.  

I understand their frustration and they have good reason to be upset. https://t.co/39GLwGgrPq
My statement on Syria. https://t.co/eXISq5ctjt
Our thoughts and prayers are with @SpeakerPelosi and her entire family as they grieve the passing of her brother Thomas J. D’Alesandro III. 

This has been a family of consequence for Baltimore and our nation for decades.  

May he rest in peace.   
 
https://t.co/OS2A63dvWr
Speaking with @seanhannity after the commercial break.

Tune in to Fox News Channel.
Speaking with @seanhannity tonight in the 9:00 pm hour about the sham impeachment proceedings in the House of Representatives.

Tune in to Fox News Channel!
Why are House Dems afraid of due process?  What are they hiding in their sham impeachment process?
Great to see so many friends at Walhalla’s Oktoberfest. Great food and wonderful people - can’t ask for more! https://t.co/8iWiWUMeyW
