I invite you to join me in honoring our nations’ hard-working coal miners, especially those in #Kentucky. As Senate Majority Leader, I will continue to fight for our miners, their families &amp; coal communities across the Commonwealth. #NationalMinersDay
Religious liberty and freedom of conscience are central to the soul of our nation. Yet we’re seeing dangerous signs for religious freedom all over — in the states, in the Democratic presidential primary, and even right here in the Senate. My full speech: https://t.co/S5SUujDthP
While we wait for our Democratic colleagues to let this legislation move forward, the Senate’s used the time to confirm more of President Trump’s impressive nominees for the federal courts.
 
Totals since January 2017:
Supreme Court: 2
Circuit courts: 48
District courts: 120
The Kentuckians I represent cannot believe our commanders are being denied certainty, our men &amp; women in uniform are being denied stable funding, &amp; 176K new American jobs are being held up because Democrats see more political advantage in obstruction than in doing their jobs.
Only in Washington D.C. does anybody think it’s okay for our armed forces to go unfunded and a major trade deal to go unpassed because Democrats are too busy inviting law professors to criticize President Trump on television.
This morning, Speaker Pelosi delivered a speech to advance her rushed &amp; partisan impeachment process. Not one word on the outstanding legislation the American people actually need. Nothing on the USMCA, or the NDAA, or funding for our armed forces.
Our country can’t afford for Democrats to obsess over impeachment and obstruct everything else. American workers have waited, and waited, and waited but House Democrats keep stalling the USMCA. It would create 176K new American jobs. Let’s get this done. https://t.co/v5D4fu21AO
I’m proud of the Senate’s latest action to support Hong Kong. And I’m proud to have stood alongside Hong Kongers for decades in their fight for true self-determination. https://t.co/VJHGEiBBvQ
For months now, the Democrat playbook has been “obsess over impeachment and obstruct everything else.” These tactics aren’t cutting it for the American people.
 
We need to:
→ Pass the USMCA
→ Support our armed forces
→ Fund the federal government https://t.co/9otar0TGuZ
“There are only two kinds of people: Friends and future friends.” That’s @SenatorIsakson’s motto and that’s why the entire Senate is sorry that our good friend is retiring later this month. Congratulations on a remarkable career, Johnny. https://t.co/VLU4Agj8W7
🚨CONFIRMED: Our nation’s newest Secretary of @Energy Dan Brouillette. 
 
Brouillette is an accomplished professional with an impressive record. He’s helped undo the damage of the Obama era and write a new chapter in American energy production and innovation. https://t.co/95VEwp8vV7
While Democrats continue to prioritize impeachment over everything else, they’re leaving behind critical legislation:
 
&gt; Gov't. funding 
&gt; National defense
&gt; USMCA 

Our Democratic colleagues cannot simply refuse to legislate b/c they would rather fight with the White House.
Today marks 365 days since @RealDonaldTrump signed the USMCA trade agreement. But House Democrats have been stalling it for months. #ImpeachmentEffect
 
USMCA:
✅176K new jobs
✅$68.2B economic boost
✅Increased wages
 
This is a win for America. Let's get it done. https://t.co/ahBElcO7eL
I want to wish my fellow Kentuckians and all Americans a very Happy Thanksgiving. https://t.co/HilAJqVux7
Grateful to @POTUS for signing our bipartisan legislation to stand up for the brave people of Hong Kong and hold Beijing accountable. The United States of America stands with Hong Kong.
Honored to be named @WholeFoodsMag 2019 Person of the Year. I was recognized as the most influential person in the natural products industry, specifically because of my work to legalize industrial #hemp for farmers in Kentucky and around the country. https://t.co/Nu9ZZLs1pZ https://t.co/xB6PbkQe9G
House Democrats are letting their years-long quest to impeach @POTUS jeopardize the #USMCA for American workers and small businesses. They think it's more important to take away the president’s job than create 176,000 new jobs for our country? https://t.co/GEr5EfDR6P
Month after month, Speaker Pelosi has stalled the #USMCA. Lots of talk, but no action for American workers. The American people need action, not empty words. https://t.co/zvnbhtisCp
The Senate has confirmed more than 160 new federal judges since January 2017. We’ve confirmed more of @POTUS’s appeals court nominees than any other president has had confirmed at this point in his presidency. And we have eight more on the docket starting next week. https://t.co/wkbivQ35KE
Historic turnout in local council elections in Hong Kong. The result: A landslide vote for freedom, democracy, and continued autonomy from Beijing. The people were heard loud and clear. Now their leaders need to listen.
While House Democrats fixate on impeachment, the Senate is working for the American people. This week we confirmed another one of President Trump’s judicial nominees. @POTUS has now appointed 48 appeals court judges, more than any president at this point in his presidency.
Every time the Trump administration meets Speaker Pelosi halfway on the USMCA, she tries to move the goalposts. The Speaker literally has not even updated her own talking points since Valentine’s Day. Textbook obstruction. https://t.co/bOH2Cde7ZM
The USMCA is a key test for House Democrats’ first year in power. Can they get anything substantive done for the American people? Or are hearings and impeachment all they can do? https://t.co/mouKp4s6Tf
As the author of the original U.S. - Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992, I am proud the Senate took another big step yesterday to stand w/Hong Kong. We unanimously passed new legislation to provide more help to Hong Kong &amp; tools for holding Beijing accountable. https://t.co/8Uk4FdS7nc
Democrats claim impeachment won’t keep them from legislating. But Speaker Pelosi has refused to allow a vote on USMCA for months. It appears there's no governing priority – no matter how bipartisan, no matter how beneficial to Americans – that won't take a backseat to impeachment
🚨The Senate unanimously passes the Hong Kong Human Rights and Democracy Act. As the author of the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992 who has advocated for Hong Kong for decades, I am proud to stand with the protestors and hold China accountable. https://t.co/gugd9usrZi
Speaker Pelosi keeps saying she wants to pass the USMCA. But actions speak louder than words, and House Democrats have been slow-walking it for months. Madam Speaker, the ball is in your court. Let’s get it done. The American people need this landmark trade deal.
My motto is “leave no vacancy behind”.

As of this week:

✔️ 2 Supreme Court Justices
✔️ 46 Circuit Court Judges
✔️ 112 District Court Judges 

Fair, well-qualified men and women who understand the proper role of a judge in our constitutional order. https://t.co/sPLPzmEdMJ
Washington Democrats in the House and the Senate cannot simply stop legislating because of one hearing in the House. The American people deserve progress: Funding for the national defense. Key legislation to support our armed forces. The USMCA and the new jobs it would create.
It’s almost been a year since President Trump signed the USMCA. It would create 176K jobs, add $68.2B to the economy, &amp; raise wages. But it’s been frozen in Speaker Pelosi’s House for months. American workers need this bipartisan win. https://t.co/Ol8826zjw3
But we know that Russia &amp; our other adversaries are not going to stop. This crucial work must continue. I urge Senate Dems to stop blocking a bipartisan appropriations process so that we can secure hundreds of millions more for those on the front lines of election security. (3/3)
That’s because our defenses are stronger. We’ve made big strides on election security since 2016 thanks to coordinated work by Congress, the administration, and election officials around the country. New tools, new resources, and new strategies are making a difference. (2/2)
Last Tuesday was Election Day in dozens of states &amp; localities, including my home state of Kentucky. One important story didn’t get much attention: Neither last week’s elections nor the 2018 midterms were marred by the same level of foreign interference that we saw in 2016. (1/3)
I was encouraged by a productive conversation with @MarcoRubio yesterday on legislation to further help the people of Hong Kong. The Senate needs to stand with Hong Kong and I hope we can take action soon.
Critical legislation is currently frozen in place. Casualties of Democrats’ apparent inability to make headway on anything besides fighting with the White House. 

We need action: 

▶️ National Defense
▶️ Funding the Gov't. 
▶️ USMCA https://t.co/Sdtxi4SPq9
The Senate has confirmed an historic 45 circuit court judges since President Trump was inaugurated in 2017. This week, I urge my colleagues to join me and confirm yet another outstanding jurist to the federal bench: https://t.co/Iax021PErf
America is the land of the free because of the brave. Our veterans are the reason why American self-government and American freedom endure. On Veterans Day, and every day, we say, “thank you.”
I’d like to extend special gratitude to the nearly 300,000 American veterans who call #Kentucky home. Our Commonwealth is made safer because of their service and stronger because of their example.
As fathers and mothers, skilled workers, entrepreneurs, and educators, veterans continue to serve their communities long beyond their time in uniform. And they do it while carrying a unique part of our nation’s collective memory.
My own father’s Army service took him to the heart of the battle for Europe in 1945. His company sustained heavy losses. When he returned home, he traded his uniform for a briefcase and went back to work in our community.
Today, our nation observes Veterans Day. We pay tribute to the service and sacrifices of generations of brave men and women throughout our history, and thank the friends and neighbors who have returned home.
@POTUS That’s 45 new lifetime appellate judges committed to the key principle that judges should apply our laws and the Constitution as they are actually written, not as the judge might personally wish they’d been written.
As of this afternoon, one in every four judges on the federal courts of appeals will have been nominated by @POTUS Trump and confirmed by us here in the Senate. https://t.co/qrEldPMO8g
Yesterday, I introduced legislation with @SenCapito and @Sen_JoeManchin to address the underfunded pensions emergency for thousands of miners, retirees, and families in coal country. I am committed to fighting for the workers who help keep our lights on.
Obama-era policies saw the nation’s biggest metro areas capture the vast majority of new jobs and population growth. Many smaller communities, like #Kentucky coal country, were hurt badly. But with @POTUS, we are working to undo the damage.
.@Twitter’s plan to ban political ads would just reinforce the privilege of speakers who are already powerful or famous. Nonprofits and little-known candidates deserve the same tools as multi-million-dollar media corporations to make their voices heard: https://t.co/h9KaLqtHzk
Senate Republicans want to consider legislation to fund the national defense. But as long as our Democratic colleagues keep blocking it, the Senate will spend our time confirming more of President Trump’s highly-qualified nominees for federal office and the judiciary.
Senate Democrats are still blocking the annual funding for our armed forces. House Democrats are still blocking the USMCA and 176,000 new American jobs. Democrats’ three-year-old impeachment journey is now crowding out even the most basic bipartisan legislation.
We need our Democratic colleagues to put aside socialist daydreams and fulfill their basic governing responsibilities. Republicans are ready and waiting to fund our servicemembers. We are ready and waiting to pass the USMCA. We just need Democrats to show up.
On the campaign trail, leading Democrats are rallying around far-left schemes to take away Medicare, take away the existing health insurance that Americans get on the job, and leave American families with no options except an untested one-size-fits-all government insurance plan.
Meanwhile, House Democrats are blocking the USMCA while they pursue their three-year-old impeachment obsession. 176,000 new American jobs are being held up because this major new trade deal might interfere with House Democrats’ political theater.
Senate Democrats have voted twice to block funding for our nation’s armed forces. Our competitors are growing stronger. America and our allies are threatened. But Senate Democrats would rather fight with the White House than deliver bipartisan funding for our military.
Senate Democrats just voted to filibuster the annual funding for the U.S. armed forces. It’s the second time they have blocked defense funding in two months. We can’t advance it.

Remember when Democrats said their impeachment obsession wouldn't stop them from legislating?
House Democrats’ impeachment resolution would just codify their unfair process. Here’s what it contemplates:

1. No due process now
2. Maybe some later
3. But only if they feel like it

No American, the president or anyone else, should be subjected to this kind of unfairness.
Waivers from Obamacare regulations have already helped states bring down premiums and restore options for Americans. Both red states and blue states have used them. Senate Republicans support protections for pre-existing conditions and oppose Democrats' efforts to reduce choice.
While Republican policies are producing results for American workers and families, Senate Democrats are still trying to resurrect failed Obama-era ideas. This week, their goal is to cut down on states’ abilities to work around the worst of Obamacare’s burdens.
Ironically, the defense funding that Democrats are threatening to block includes $250M for the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative, the exact same program over which Democrats are attempting to impeach the president. Imagine if Democrats vote against this funding.
Funding the military is a critical responsibility. Democrats should not hold up funding for our servicemembers and their vital missions for the sake of picking a fight with the White House.
Democrats say impeachment won’t keep them from legislating. This week, we’ll get a clear test when the Senate votes on defense funding which Democrats filibustered last month.
The world is a safer place today because al-Baghdadi has been brought to justice. I applaud our intelligence professionals, the brave servicemembers who risked everything to carry out this mission, and President Trump and his team. My full statement: https://t.co/U6LHsOvcWj
Everyone knows that some House Democrats made up their minds long ago and have been dead-set on impeachment for years. That does not eliminate their responsibility to conduct a fair process that follows precedent and due process when trying to undo a democratic election.
I’m sponsoring a new resolution with Chairman Graham that many of our Republican colleagues have joined. We are calling out House Democrats for disrespecting due process and inventing a new set of unfair, partisan rules just for this president. https://t.co/eeOtQvs2RB
House Democrats’ impeachment inquiry is breaking critical precedents. It is denying the administration important rights that past presidents were afforded. It is violating basic rules of due process. https://t.co/eeOtQvJEgb
We must continue this progress. The Senate is moving forward $25 million more in support for my #CAREERAct to help those overcoming addiction find transitional housing and employment. I hope each of my colleagues will join me in continuing to support the #OpioidCrisisResponse.
This summer brought the first nationwide decrease in overdose fatalities in almost 30 years. In #Kentucky, the rate of deaths from this epidemic dropped nearly 15 percent. I was proud to secure more than $200 million in aid for the Bluegrass State on this issue.
One year ago today, @POTUS signed into law our landmark legislation to support the families, first responders, and healthcare professionals who have to face our nation’s opioid epidemic every day. There is much more to do but we’re already seeing encouraging results.
Justin Walker’s thoughtful and deliberate approach to the law fit the mold of an outstanding federal judge. I was proud to vote to confirm him to serve the Western District of #Kentucky this afternoon.
Some of the Democrats criticizing the administration today wanted to withdraw from Syria and Afghanistan just a few months ago. They can’t have this both ways. We need clarity: Which Senators support American leadership in the fight against terrorism and which do not?
I am introducing a Senate resolution to reaffirm the need for a strong U.S. presence and oppose premature withdrawal from Syria or Afghanistan. I hope my colleagues on both sides will take the opportunity to affirm these principles on the record.
Today, the Senate voted overwhelmingly to ratify the accession of the Republic of North Macedonia to @NATO. This is good news for a strong, healthy alliance that continues to defend American and trans-Atlantic interests around the world.
Our nation has greatly benefited from @SecretaryPerry ’s decades-long commitment to public service. My statement: https://t.co/0vblKfN0dV https://t.co/ifefPZVb0p
The Trump administration rightly killed this terrible policy. But now Senate Democrats want to revive it. A whole lot of self-inflicted economic pain for no significant environmental gain. I urge the Senate to reject the Democrats’ resolution later today.
The failed Obama-era Clean Power Plan would have killed tens of thousands of jobs, sent electricity prices soaring for low-income communities, and sold off our economic edge to overseas competitors like China. All for no meaningful change in global temperatures.
Speaker Pelosi is still blocking the USMCA, a major trade deal that would create 176,000 new American jobs. Senate Democrats have filibustered defense funding and blocked a pay raise for our troops.

Democrats' impeachment obsession is blocking urgent work for American families.
Already, House Democrats’ impeachment “inquiry” is violating norms and precedent. They are denying Republicans and President Trump the same rights that Democrats and President Clinton received during those impeachment proceedings.
Washington Democrats have been engaged in a three-year-long impeachment parade in search of a rationale. Prominent House Democrats were promising impeachment at the very beginning of this presidency. Fairness and due process are not their objectives here.
We must avoid strategic calamity in the Middle East. My statement: https://t.co/MRitbPA2ID https://t.co/7psb842jcm
Washington Democrats taking their cues from Big Labor special interests is nothing new. But if Democrats kill the USMCA and the 176,000 new American jobs it will create, they will have to answer directly to working families. https://t.co/lGyrP5oiYX
So far, the House has fallen far short by failing to follow the same basic procedures that it has followed for every other President in our history.
Overturning the results of an American election requires the highest level of fairness and due process, as it strikes at the core of our democratic process.
The people of Hong Kong have risked much more than money to defend their freedom of expression, human rights, and autonomy. I hope the @NBA can learn from that courage and not abandon those values for the sake of their bottom line.
My statement on Turkey and U.S. partners in Syria. https://t.co/6ha3zUhSQO
My statement on the 70th Anniversary of the People’s Republic of China:
https://t.co/ym9uJGFKTn https://t.co/DyKZ5VHWmn
I’ll be on @CNBC’s @SquawkAlley at 11:10am EDT talking about the U.S. economy and why House Democrats need  to stop blocking the USMCA. Tune in.
The USMCA would create 176,000 jobs for American workers and generate $68 billion in wealth for America. House Democrats must stop standing in its way. My op-ed with @GOPLeader in @WSJ today.

https://t.co/VMCE6LwVVM
I’m proud the Appropriations Committee advanced my legislation to increase funding for the Countering Russian Influence Fund and to expand democracy promotion in Hong Kong. Russian and Chinese aggression are two of the major threats facing our nation.
https://t.co/F8U05FiVtI
The time for excuses is over. The USMCA needs to move this fall. Workers and small businesses in Kentucky and across the nation need this deal. The United States of America needs this deal. Only House Democrats are standing in the way.
176,000 new American jobs. Tens of billions in new prosperity. Stronger relationships with two of our closest allies in the face of China’s aggressive economic policies. This is what House Democrats are obstructing by blocking the USMCA.
Later today, the Senate will vote to urge full funding for important military construction projects. I urge my Democratic colleagues not to oppose these much-needed resources for our men and women in uniform.
Senate Democrats should not create a false choice between border security and military construction. They may oppose the administration’s border security agenda but they certainly shouldn’t punish our armed forces.
My statement on Speaker Nancy Pelosi's impeachment inquiry announcement:
https://t.co/6dtEHGTEMV https://t.co/8zYrYD3Bhn
American families deserve more choice, more competition, and more affordability when it comes to their prescription drugs. House Democrats’ new scheme to have Washington D.C. micromanage Americans’ medicine would take us backwards and jeopardize innovation and cures.
Last week, Democrats blocked funding for our men and women in uniform — including pay raises —  in order to pick a partisan fight with the White House. That’s quite a statement of priorities. Funding the government will require putting partisanship aside.
https://t.co/DNH0VBf7Pa
I’m grateful to @PatPizzellaDOL for answering my call and awarding National Dislocated Worker grant funding for employment/training services to help #Kentucky miners and their families get back on their feet.
https://t.co/eLVdVaugOS
The way Blackjewel has treated the Harlan County coal miners is shameful, and they should be paid in full for their work. From the beginning I’ve been in constant communication with @USDOL to help.
https://t.co/eLVdVaugOS
Since 2018, we will have allocated more than $600M for supporting and securing our elections while protecting states’ flexibility from Washington overreach. This is a critical issue and this bipartisan progress should be celebrated.
I’m proud to have co-sponsored and helped develop a bipartisan committee amendment that will provide another $250M to help states administer and secure our elections.
I don’t think the American people will have much patience for this Democrat position that irritating the White House is more important than funding the Department of Defense.
Yesterday, Senate Democrats blocked legislation to fund our national defense. They blocked the resources our commanders need to keep pace with Russia and China. They blocked a pay raise for our servicemembers.
https://t.co/TZ1KU25d1a
But not everybody is celebrating our growing energy independence. House Democrats are sending the Senate bills that would cut our ability to produce American energy here at home, weakening our economy and our footing abroad. This Senate won’t let these bad ideas take us backwards
Thanks largely to Republican policies, America is poised to become a net energy exporter in 2020 for the first time since 1953. That's huge progress for our economy and for our national security as well, as last weekend’s attacks in the Middle East remind us.
Democrats are threatening to filibuster funding for our armed forces and a pay raise for our troops because they disagree with President Trump on immigration policy. I hope our Democratic friends allow the process to move forward when we vote later today.
https://t.co/zHIGKYzNY7
It has been 232 years since the signing of the greatest document  in our nation’s history. It will always be a symbol of American values of individual liberty, freedom, and self-governance. #ConstitutionDay https://t.co/8f5Vb8gp95
Our nation must continue investing in the readiness and modernization of our military. Russia and China aren’t slowing down to wait for us. It would be a grave mistake if Democrats block the Senate from moving forward with defense funding legislation this week.
Some Democrats are also threatening to “pack” the Supreme Court if they don’t get the rulings they want. These attacks on judicial independence are not normal politics. My Republican colleagues and I will fight to preserve a fair and independent judiciary.
Despite a lack of any corroborating evidence, leading Democrats tried to grab onto yet another unsubstantiated allegation against Justice Brett Kavanaugh. We all remember this pattern from last time around: Shoot first and correct the facts later.
The needs of our military and the safety of the American people should not play second fiddle to Senate Democrats’ political strategy. I remain hopeful that my friends on the Democratic side will not block the Senate from taking up legislation to fund defense.
Iran’s brazen attack on a Saudi Arabian oil facility cannot go unanswered. I hope our international partners will join us in imposing consequences on Tehran for this reckless attack.
Fortunately a majority of Senators and the American people rallied behind timeless principles such as due process and the presumption of innocence. I look forward to many years of service to come from Justice Kavanaugh.
The far left’s willingness to seize on completely uncorroborated and unsubstantiated allegations during last year’s confirmation process was a dark and embarrassing chapter for the Senate.
My Tobacco-21 legislation would raise the national age of tobacco purchase to 21 and keep harmful tobacco products out of the hands of vulnerable young Americans. This will continue to be one of my highest priorities.
The CDC is now investigating 450 cases of vaping-related lung illnesses, including 6 deaths. This should concern all Americans, especially in light of the fact that vaping and tobacco use are on the rise among American teenagers.
This runaway regulation would have hurt American families and placed a lot of private property under the thumb of federal bureaucrats. I applaud @POTUS’s actions to roll back this rule and commend him for his leadership on this issue.
As Majority Leader, one of my top priorities has been reining in the unfair, job-killing restrictions put in place by President Obama’s EPA. One of the worst was the so-called “Waters of the U.S.” rule.
And may we always keep foremost in our thoughts all the U.S. servicemembers, intelligence officers, diplomats, and first responders who have given their lives for our nation’s security. #NeverForget
Today, on #September11, may the memory of the nearly 3,000 victims who lost their lives on this day in 2001 serve as a lasting reminder of what’s at stake in the fight against terrorism. May we steel our resolve to continue the hard, necessary work of defending our homeland.
Every American should take pride in the undeniable progress we have made in overcoming the terrible chapter that was opened 400 years ago. American ideals of equality and justice — not the sins of our forefathers — are the true, deepest bedrock of this great nation.
With the nation, Congress looks back to 1619 and remembers the size and scope of slavery’s stain on our history. We mark this somber anniversary with grief for all the slaves whose God-given freedoms were so brutally denied.
Today, Congress observes the 400th anniversary of a reprehensible moment in the history of our land: The first recorded arrival of enslaved Africans in England’s American colonies. The beginning of our nation’s original sin of slavery.
https://t.co/BZUZ4rSzS1
Kentucky is leading the national response to the devastating opioid epidemic, and the federal resources ($31.48 Million for KY) announced today will reinforce their life-saving work.
https://t.co/o9NSMVahqp
Any attempt by the Chinese government to crush a peaceful attempt by Hong Kongers to maintain their rights would require a significant response from the United States. The Chinese government is playing with fire, but hopefully they do not go too far.
I hope the American people will look at the cold hard facts of what will happen if the Democrats’ advocating for ‘The Green New Deal’ and ‘Medicare for All’ get power. Their goal is to turn America into a socialist country and that is not going to happen on my watch.
It was a pleasure to be on @hughhewitt’s show this morning to talk about the Democrats’ socialist agenda, reshaping the federal judiciary, and the ongoing Hong Kong protests. 
https://t.co/UU5QQOZjSJ
World leaders should pay attention to the ongoing crackdown and recent arrests of pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong. It should not be business as usual until Beijing respects Hong Kong’s autonomy and political freedoms.
https://t.co/0DK8ySZJP7
Senate Republicans are unified against any court packing schemes. We promise this: while we remain members of this body, the Democrats’ threat to restructure the Supreme Court is an empty one.
https://t.co/gLASUFbYNo
. @SenatorIsakson is a first-rate legislator and one of the hardest-working members of the Senate. I could not be more grateful for his principled leadership and wise counsel. It’s been an honor to serve alongside Johnny. 
https://t.co/ayTODRfkLu
In this country, radical changes face a high bar by design. It is telling that today’s left-wing activists would rather lower that bar than produce ideas that can meet it.
https://t.co/nLjFPZ104X
Now some Democrats want to touch the hot stove yet again. This time they are targeting the Senate’s legislative filibuster, a core part of our constitutional order. I explain in the @NYT why they would rue that day as well:
https://t.co/nLjFPZ104X
The last time Democrats changed longstanding Senate rules for short-term partisan benefit, here is what it got them: Justice Neil Gorsuch. Justice Brett Kavanaugh. And 43 new lifetime circuit judges, the most ever at this point in a presidency https://t.co/lwhqan9gRG
I wrote the Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992, which extended special privileges to Hong Kong because of its unique status. Beijing must know the Senate will reconsider those privileges if Hong Kong’s autonomy is eroded. 
https://t.co/rOWgTINO6Y
The world is awakening to China’s abusive practices, from domestic oppression to pursuit of hegemony abroad. China’s trading partners, including the U.S, should make it clear that any crackdown in Hong Kong would have real and painful costs.
https://t.co/rOWgTINO6Y
The people of Hong Kong are demonstrating for the freedoms and autonomy that have made their city a global success. Beijing should pause before threatening a key engine of its growth and provoking the international community. 
https://t.co/rOWgTINO6Y
Images of Beijing-backed forces brutalizing civilians speak for themselves. Millions of Hong Kongers protesting the Chinese Communist Party’s encroachment know the truth about exactly who is responsible for “inciting” chaos. The rest of the world knows too https://t.co/FGSPQtnnPE
The people of Hong Kong are bravely standing up to the Chinese Communist Party as Beijing tries to encroach on their autonomy and freedom. Any violent crackdown would be completely unacceptable. As I have said on the Senate floor: The world is watching. 
https://t.co/5VPm5P4PfB
Looking forward to joining @TerryMeiners today on @840WHAS in #Kentucky to discuss the news of the day. Tune in live at 4:05 ET today: https://t.co/TKlXiZ1ism
My statement regarding President Trump's call for bipartisan, bicameral cooperation following the mass murders in El Paso, Texas and Dayton, Ohio. 
https://t.co/Rz6moSkwY6 https://t.co/OcAnArpF5t
Sickening to learn this morning of another mass murder in Dayton, Ohio overnight. Two horrifying acts of violence in less than 24 hours. We stand with law enforcement as they continue working to keep Americans safe and bring justice.
The entire nation is horrified by today's senseless violence in El Paso. Elaine's and my prayers go out to the victims of this terrible violence, their families and friends, and the brave first responders who charged into harm’s way.
This video highlights the importance of our work to deploy the “Unified Method” for removing #AsianCarp in Lake Barkley &amp; Kentucky Lake.  Proud to work with @POTUS &amp; local leaders to bring national attention to the pressing threat in our #Kentucky lakes. https://t.co/gvXHzS4han
My staff and I are closely monitoring this morning’s explosion of a gas transmission pipeline in Lincoln County, Kentucky. Our prayers are with the families whom this disaster has touched and our gratitude is with all the first responders.
The forces that seek to harm the United States and our interests demand the attention of a fully-equipped, modern and ready military. Passing the bipartisan funding agreement before the Senate today will help us make sure we are up to the task.
The Senate just confirmed @POTUS's impressive nominee for the critical role of @USUN Ambassador: Kelly Knight Craft of #Kentucky. I’m confident our entire nation will be proud of the fine service she will render as our Ambassador to the United Nations. https://t.co/8yZTeICXW0
I enjoyed meeting with Gene Scalia, President Trump’s nominee for Secretary of Labor. Mr. Scalia is a veteran public servant with considerable expertise on labor and regulatory issues. I look forward to the Senate’s consideration of his nomination. https://t.co/LSp2x2UB2a
Considering the circumstances of divided government, the government funding agreement that President Trump’s team negotiated is a strong deal. It achieves Republicans’ number one priority: Continuing to fund the rebuilding of our Armed Forces and modernizing our national defense.
Modern-day McCarthyism is poison for American democracy. It is shameful to imply that policy disagreements make the other side unpatriotic. The people who push such unhinged smears are doing Putin’s destabilizing work for him.
I spoke on the Senate floor today about my extensive record of standing up to Russia, election security, and why we won’t let some Democrats exploit this crisis to push unrelated partisan priorities that have been on their wish list long before 2016.
https://t.co/EAvjf3RwGX
Thanks to the leadership of Dan Coats the intelligence community has made a great leap since 2016 to defend our democracy from ongoing Russian interference and the administration’s significant progress in defending against interference in 2018 and preparing us for 2020.
My friend and former colleague Dan Coats has devoted decades of his life in service to our country. I was reassured knowing that a man who took such a deliberate, thoughtful, and unbiased approach was at the helm of our intelligence community.
The @SenateForeign Relations Committee approved the nomination of Kelly Knight Craft of #Kentucky to be the @USUN Ambassador. The nomination now goes to the full #Senate. She is a phenomenal selection by @POTUS and I'm proud to support her nomination: https://t.co/vONNDQEohs https://t.co/GJEscE8zji
It was a pleasure to meet with General Mark Milley, President’s Trump’s nominee to be Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. He’s an impressive leader and a highly qualified nominee. I am proud to support his confirmation. https://t.co/tuG3mZrZ2d
Socialist proposals that will ruin jobs and destroy private healthcare have become mainstream Democratic Party policy. As long as I’m the majority leader in the Senate, they will never become law. https://t.co/TENVLRMbaR
When it comes to confirming well-qualified judges, we will leave no vacancy behind. https://t.co/wzHg5QP34Z
The agreement between the Administration and Speaker Pelosi continues to fund the military at appropriate levels, contains no left-wing poison pills, and the American people get a chaos-free government for a year and a half. 
I agree with President Trump: Congress should pass it. https://t.co/U5cmCSw2gw
The Senate has never failed to attend to the 9/11 Victims Compensation Fund and today we will address it again. It will be my honor to vote later today to ensure it has the resources it needs into the future.
Congress can never repay the firefighters, police, first responders, and their families who sacrificed during and after the 9/11 attacks. But today the Senate will proudly do our small part in helping to make them whole.
https://t.co/DQJywmWwT8
The funding agreement between the Trump Administration and Speaker Pelosi secures critical funding to continue rebuilding and modernizing our armed forces. It's the deal that our national defense needs.
I am glad the administration and Speaker Pelosi have reached a two-year funding agreement that secures the resources we need to continue rebuilding our armed forces. The next step is for the House and the Senate to pass this agreement so that President Trump can sign it into law.
President Trump has made an outstanding choice for Secretary of Defense. Mark Esper has played a major role in the administration’s ongoing work to restore our Armed Forces. He's won high praise from experts across the political spectrum. The Senate should confirm him this week.
This week, the whole country is proudly celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 11 mission. What a triumph of America’s ingenuity and pioneering spirit. Thanks to @AirAndSpace for this wonderful projection on the Washington Monument. @TheRealBuzz @AstroMCollins #Apollo50 https://t.co/9duJH5uglx
I’ve made the fight to save lives from the horrors of #opioid &amp; substance abuse a top priority. We've still got work to do, but results of our work at the federal &amp; state level w/many local partners on the front lines are evident in today’s announcement. https://t.co/zRrhlLRDTt
House Democrats “resisted” for weeks before passing humanitarian funding for the border crisis. They show little interest in reforming the laws beneath this crisis. The President has gotten more cooperation from Mexico’s government on this issue than from Democrats in Congress. https://t.co/twfl8x585p
Research shows that hiking the minimum wage to $15 would kill jobs and depress the economy at a time when it’s thriving for the American people. We are not going to be taking that up in the Senate. https://t.co/SiyXGBDKkr
It’s not just a few fringe voices that are pushing socialist policies that would kill jobs and take away private healthcare. It’s the entire leadership of the Democratic Party. https://t.co/tV3e0Hjshm
This Republican Senate is not going to let damaging far-left ideas become law. We are fighting for all Americans, including the Kentucky miners and everybody else the last administration’s policies left behind. We won't let things like the “Green New Deal” become law.
But some communities are still struggling to dig out from the damage of the Obama years. Republicans are focused on helping them. But prominent Democrats want to return to failed policies like the war on fossil fuels that would harm these communities even further.
Today the American people are experiencing the lowest unemployment rate in nearly 50 years. Way more job openings than job seekers. An all-American recovery that isn’t limited to just a select few places and industries.
It’s a sad situation when elected members of the Democratic Party are openly urging their leadership not to make them vote on condemning anti-Semitism and the BDS movement. The House should vote on the bipartisan legislation the Senate passed months ago with 77 votes.
I’ll be discussing the Senate’s agenda and the continuing success of the American economy with @MariaBartiromo tomorrow morning on @FoxBusiness at 8 AM EST.
My legislative efforts in the Farm Bills of 2014 and 2018 contributed to the growth of the #hemp industry, especially in my home state. Recently @SecretarySonny, @KYAgCommish and I met up with some ‘hemp pioneers’ in #Kentucky. https://t.co/zk7QrQEyrJ
This week, the senate is considering several important tax treaties with foreign trading partners. These treaties account for trillions of dollars in foreign investments across the country, cultivate robust trading relationships and create certainty for job creators.
Thanks to Republican policies of the last 2 years, Kentucky is helping lead the charge. I couldn’t be prouder of my home state’s record-breaking low unemployment rate and growth in jobs and investment.
Kentucky is proud of our diverse economy. Turns out bourbon and horse races are a winning combination. We also take huge pride in manufacturing, agriculture, mining and coal. They keep the lights on in America’s heartland.
Since January 2017, Republicans in Congress have partnered with the Trump administration to get our nation’s opportunity economy going and growing again for everyone. The results? Unemployment has fallen to near 50-year lows and stayed there.
https://t.co/PxTH75ZoMu https://t.co/gK2vQXc3bj
It’s also important that we resist ill-considered proposals which Democrats call “election reform” but have little to do with actual security. Remember, their top priority for this Congress is a big effort to change election rules, largely to benefit their side. https://t.co/feebMsX5IO
I am proud of the work our government has done to shore up our defenses of American democracy and deter foreign interference. I'm glad the administration is laser-focused on continuing the progress. Our adversaries aren’t letting up and our preparations are not letting up either.
Increased agency coordination. Millions of dollars in direct aid to state election officials. Updating election systems. These are just a few of the parts of the ongoing, coordinated federal, state, and local campaign to shore up America’s election security.
It’s a fact: The Trump administration, hand-in-hand with the Senate has punched back hard at Russian election interference that happened on the Obama administration’s watch. https://t.co/2k4SSGse5E
Vladimir Putin’s efforts to interfere in our 2016 elections were completely unacceptable. And they did not come out of nowhere. They were preceded by eight years of growing Russian assertiveness in foreign meddling while the Obama administration failed to confront it. https://t.co/EMfkBReUHx
Today I met with @EsperDoD to discuss the critical challenges facing America’s armed forces, Kentucky’s contributions to our national defense, and his nomination to become the next Senate-confirmed Secretary of Defense. https://t.co/k3sEcDJ91y
The good news continues under Republicans’ pro-growth, pro-opportunity policy agenda. More than 200,000 new jobs were created in June. American workers are in high demand. The economy is overflowing with opportunities. Now we are seeing a real all-American recovery. https://t.co/7CXVBnB7VK
Congratulations to the @USWNT and thanks for giving Americans yet another reason to be proud over the Fourth of July weekend by bringing home the World Cup. The Senate sends our congratulations for your grit, teamwork, and talent.
On our Independence Day, I am also thinking of the people of Hong Kong, Burma, Venezuela, and so many other places where the struggle for freedom, democracy, and human rights continues to this day.
Happy Fourth of July! https://t.co/Z6dt3VPzfx
This amendment would be a radical departure from constitutional traditions and norms. It would weaken American deterrence and diplomacy at a time of heightened tensions caused by Iran’s aggression in the Middle East. The Senate must defeat it.
In modern warfare, time is of the essence. Senate Democrats are proposing a dangerous amendment that would hamstring the executive branch from reacting quickly in a crisis and prevent the U.S. from taking decisive action. https://t.co/1tGiDv1eST
I’m glad our House colleagues passed the Senate’s bipartisan funding bill for the humanitarian crisis on our southern border. I just signed off on this badly-needed legislation and now it’s finally on its way to the President’s desk. https://t.co/YID2UL00zZ
The need for humanitarian funding is drastic. The House should pass the overwhelmingly bipartisan Senate Bill as quickly as possible and finally provide this badly overdue emergency border funding.  
https://t.co/U4yXxdJpSE
House Democrats have had eight weeks to pass emergency border funding. All they could pass was a partisan bill that failed in the Senate. The Senate’s bill is overwhelmingly bipartisan and what can be signed into law.
The Senate will not pass a border supplemental bill that cuts funding for ICE and the Department of Defense. We already have our compromise. The Shelby-Leahy bill is the only game in town. It’s time to quit playing games and make a law. https://t.co/8Yza967L4H
The Senate has just passed a bipartisan emergency appropriations bill for the crisis at the border by an overwhelming 84-8 vote. The House should pass this funding bill right away.
